content/pgcli-basics-screencast.md, before:

Title: Screencast: pgcli basics
Date: 2015-4-6
Category: Blog
Tags: python, screencast, postgres
Slug: pgcli-basics-screencast

I created a screencast to showcase some of the basic features of [pgcli](http://pgcli.com).

This video covers:

* Installation
* Launching pgcli
* Switching databases
* Basic auto-completion for SELECT, CREATE, INSERT and JOIN statements.
* Expanded output
* Multi-line mode    

Video:

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/124125257" width="500" height="281" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>

If there is enough interest, I'll produce a few more screencasts of other
features available in [pgcli](http://pgcli.com). Please reach me via
[twitter](https://twitter.com/amjithr) or [email](mailto:amjith.r@gmail.com) to
provide feedback.

I'm also working on a new project called [mysql-cli](http://mysql-cli.com).
I've launched a
[kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1839007321/mysql-cli)
campaign for that project and I'd like your support. Please forward the
[project](http://mysql-cli.com) to your friends and coworkers.

Commit message:

Screencast for pgcli basics update the content

content/pgcli-basics-screencast.md, after:

Title: Screencast: pgcli basics
Date: 2015-4-6
Category: Blog
Tags: python, screencast, postgres
Slug: pgcli-basics-screencast

I created a screencast to showcase some of the basic features of [pgcli](http://pgcli.com).

pgcli is a client for postgres that can do autocompletion and syntax highlighting.

This video covers:

* Installation
* Launching pgcli
* Switching databases
* Basic auto-completion for SELECT, CREATE, INSERT and JOIN statements.
* Expanded output
* Multi-line mode    

Video:

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/124125257" width="500" height="281" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>

If there is enough interest, I'll produce a few more screencasts of other
features available in [pgcli](http://pgcli.com). Please reach me via
[twitter](https://twitter.com/amjithr) or [email](mailto:amjith.r@gmail.com) to
provide feedback.

I'm also working on a new project called [mysql-cli](http://mysql-cli.com).
I've launched a
[kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1839007321/mysql-cli)
campaign for that project and I'd like your support. Please forward the
[project](http://mysql-cli.com) to your friends and coworkers.
