content/pages/0.index.rst, before:

pgcli
#####

:slug: index

Pgcli is a command line interface for Postgres with auto-completion and syntax
highlighting.

* Source: https://github.com/dbcli/pgcli
* Chat: Gitter_
* Mailing List:  https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/pgcli

.. image:: {filename}/images/image01.png
   :alt: Screenshot
   :width: 750px

Quick Start
===========

If you already know how to install python packages, then you can simply do:

.. code:: bash

    $ pip install pgcli

If you're on macOS you can install it via Homebrew. Just be aware that this will
install postgresql if you don't already have it.

.. code:: bash

   $ brew tap-pin dbcli/tap
   $ brew install pgcli

If you're having trouble with the quick start, check the install_ page for
detailed instructions.

Usage
=====

.. code:: bash

    $ pgcli --help
    Usage: pgcli [OPTIONS] [DATABASE] [USERNAME]

    Options:
      -h, --host TEXT     Host address of the postgres database.
      -p, --port INTEGER  Port number at which the postgres instance is listening.
      -U, --user TEXT     User name to connect to the postgres database.
      -W, --password      Force password prompt.
      -w, --no-password   Never prompt for password.
      -v, --version       Version of pgcli.
      -d, --dbname TEXT   database name to connect to.
      --pgclirc TEXT      Location of pgclirc file.
      --help              Show this message and exit.

Examples
========

.. code:: bash

    $ pgcli local_database

    $ pgcli postgres://amjith:passw0rd@example.com:5432/app_db

    $ pgcli -h localhost -p 5432 -U amjith app_db

Request
=======

If you know how to  debian package or RPM pacakge for Python applications
please get in touch_.

.. _install: {filename}/pages/1.install.rst
.. _touch: {filename}/pages/6.about.rst
.. _Gitter: https://gitter.im/dbcli/pgcli/

Commit message:

Add full help output to Usage section

content/pages/0.index.rst, after:

pgcli
#####

:slug: index

Pgcli is a command line interface for Postgres with auto-completion and syntax
highlighting.

* Source: https://github.com/dbcli/pgcli
* Chat: Gitter_
* Mailing List:  https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/pgcli

.. image:: {filename}/images/image01.png
   :alt: Screenshot
   :width: 750px

Quick Start
===========

If you already know how to install python packages, then you can simply do:

.. code:: bash

    $ pip install pgcli

If you're on macOS you can install it via Homebrew. Just be aware that this will
install postgresql if you don't already have it.

.. code:: bash

   $ brew tap-pin dbcli/tap
   $ brew install pgcli

If you're having trouble with the quick start, check the install_ page for
detailed instructions.

Usage
=====

.. code:: bash

    $ pgcli --help
    Usage: pgcli [OPTIONS] [DBNAME] [USERNAME]

    Options:
      -h, --host TEXT         Host address of the postgres database.
      -p, --port INTEGER      Port number at which the postgres instance is
                              listening.
      -U, --username TEXT     Username to connect to the postgres database.
      -u, --user TEXT         Username to connect to the postgres database.
      -W, --password          Force password prompt.
      -w, --no-password       Never prompt for password.
      --single-connection     Do not use a separate connection for completions.
      -v, --version           Version of pgcli.
      -d, --dbname TEXT       database name to connect to.
      --pgclirc PATH          Location of pgclirc file.
      -D, --dsn TEXT          Use DSN configured into the [alias_dsn] section of
                              pgclirc file.
      --list-dsn              list of DSN configured into the [alias_dsn] section
                              of pgclirc file.
      --row-limit INTEGER     Set threshold for row limit prompt. Use 0 to disable
                              prompt.
      --less-chatty           Skip intro on startup and goodbye on exit.
      --prompt TEXT           Prompt format (Default: "\u@\h:\d> ").
      --prompt-dsn TEXT       Prompt format for connections using DSN aliases
                              (Default: "\u@\h:\d> ").
      -l, --list              list available databases, then exit.
      --auto-vertical-output  Automatically switch to vertical output mode if the
                              result is wider than the terminal width.
      --warn / --no-warn      Warn before running a destructive query.
      --help                  Show this message and exit.

Examples
========

.. code:: bash

    $ pgcli local_database

    $ pgcli postgres://amjith:passw0rd@example.com:5432/app_db

    $ pgcli -h localhost -p 5432 -U amjith app_db

Request
=======

If you know how to  debian package or RPM pacakge for Python applications
please get in touch_.

.. _install: {filename}/pages/1.install.rst
.. _touch: {filename}/pages/6.about.rst
.. _Gitter: https://gitter.im/dbcli/pgcli/
