Install
#######

:slug: install

Compatibility:
==============

Tested on OS X and Linux. Runs on Python 2.7 and 3.3+.

I have not personally tested this on Windows, but all the underlying libraries
used by this project are cross-platform compatible including Windows. If you
have a Windows machine, I'd very much appreciate if you could test it out and
let me know. I do want to support Windows, I just don't have the resources
right now.

Quick start:
============

If you already know how to install python packages, then you can do:

.. code:: bash

    $ pip install pgcli

    or

    $ easy_install pgcli

You might need ``sudo``.

Detailed:
=========

macOS:
~~~~~~

The easiest way install ``pgcli`` on an macOS machine is to use Homebrew_.
Please be aware that this will install postgresql if it's not already installed.

.. code:: bash

    $ brew tap-pin dbcli/tap
    $ brew install pgcli

That's it. You can now launch it by typing ``pgcli`` on the command line.

Alternatively, since ``pgcli`` is a python package you can install it via the
python package manager ``pip``. There is also an older package manager known as
``easy_install`` but it is replaced by pip.

Check if ``pip`` is installed on the system.

.. code:: bash

    $ which pip

If the above command returns an error, then you do not have pip installed on
your computer.

Most macOS systems comes pre-installed with python and ``easy_install``. You can
use easy_install to install ``pip``.

.. code:: bash

    $ sudo easy_install pip

``pgcli`` uses ``psycopg`` to talk to postgres database. In order to install
psycopg, you will need libpq installed on your system. The easiest way to get
the necessary libraries, is to install postgresql on your system.

.. code:: bash

    $ brew install postgresql

You will also need C compiler installed on your system in order to compile the
required files for psycopg. Install XCode from AppStore and then install the
CommandLineTools which will install gcc or an equivalent C compiler on your
system. I typically do the following:

.. code:: bash

   $ xcode-select --install   # This will install the command line tools for xcode.

Now that the required dependencies are satisfied you are ready to install
``pgcli``.

.. code:: bash

    $ sudo pip install pgcli

Linux:
~~~~~~

The recommended way to install Python packages is to use a package manager
called called ``pip``. There is also an older package manager known as
``easy_install`` but it is replaced by pip.

Check if ``pip`` is installed on the system.

.. code:: bash

    $ which pip

If the above command returns an error, then you do not have pip installed on
your computer. You can install it using your OS package manager.

Debian based systems (Debian, Ubuntu, Mint etc)

.. code:: bash

    $ sudo apt-get install python-pip

For Redhat based systems (Fedora, Centos, RHEL etc)

.. code:: bash

    $ sudo yum install python-pip

Pgcli uses ``psycopg`` to talk to postgres database. In order to install
psycopg, you will need libpq and python-dev installed on your system. Since
``psycopg`` is a C extension for Python, a C compiler is needed to install it
on your system.

.. code:: bash

    $ sudo apt-get install libpq-dev python-dev   # debian

    or

    $ sudo yum install postgresql-devel python-devel  # redhat

Now that the required dependencies are satisfied you are ready to install
``pgcli``.

.. code:: bash

    $ sudo pip install pgcli

If you're having trouble getting this installed please feel free to `contact
<{filename}/pages/6.about.rst>`_ me.

.. _Homebrew: http://brew.sh/
