Title: Docs
Slug: docs

## [AutoCompletion]({filename}/pages/completion.md)<a name="completion"></a>

Auto-completion kicks in as soon as you start typing. The suggestions are context sensitive so the REPL will only suggest relevant items.

[Read More...]({filename}/pages/completion.md)

## [Config]({filename}/pages/config.md)<a name="config"></a>

The config file for pgcli is located in the home folder (~/.config/pgcli/config).

[Read More...]({filename}/pages/config.md)

## [Colors]({filename}/pages/syntax.md)<a name="colors"></a>

Syntax highlighting has plenty of themes that can be changed via the [config]({filename}/pages/config.md) file.

Showcase of various color themes:

[Gallery]({filename}/pages/syntax.md)

## [Special Commands (Meta-Commands)]({filename}/pages/commands.md)<a name="commands"></a>

Pgcli has tried to implement most of the back-slash commands that are available in psql. These commands make it easy to interact with the meta-data of a database, such as `\d`, `\l`, `\i`, etc.

[Read More...]({filename}/pages/commands.md)

## [Keybindings]({filename}/pages/keybindings.md)<a name="keybindings"></a>

There are two types of keybindings available. Emacs mode and Vi mode. The keybindings can be changed via the config file (~/.config/pgcli/config) or toggled via F4 key.

[Read more...]({filename}/pages/keybindings.md)

## [Named Queries (favorites)]({filename}/pages/named_queries.md)<a name="favorites"></a>

Frequently used queries can be saved as named queries.

[Read More...]({filename}/pages/named_queries.md)

## [Logging]({filename}/pages/logging.md)<a name="logging"></a>

Default log file is located at `~/.config/pgcli/log`. There is additional user friendly audit logging.

[Read More..]({filename}/pages/logging.md)

## [Open Editor]({filename}/pages/editor.md)<a name="editor"></a>

Use the `\e` command in the prompt, to launch the default editor.

[Read More...]({filename}/pages/editor.md)

## [Multi-line mode]({filename}/pages/multi-line.md)<a name="multi-line"></a>

Pgcli doesn't expect a semi-colon at the end of a line to execute the query. But this can be changed by setting the multi-line mode.

[Read more...]({filename}/pages/multi-line.md)

## [History & Search]({filename}/pages/history.md)<a name="history"></a>

Pgcli keeps track of the queries entered in the repl. Up/Down arrow can be used to navigate the history.

Pressing `<C-r>` will enable incremental history search. So press `<C-r>` and then
start typing your search term to see the queries narrowed down. You can cycle
through the matches by pressing `<C-r>` again.

[Read more...]({filename}/pages/history.md)

## [Pager Output]({filename}/pages/pager.md)<a name="pager"></a>

Pgcli uses pager programs to make it easier to view large result sets. This
can be configured or disabled.

## [Prompt]({filename}/pages/prompt.md)<a name="prompt"></a>

Pgcli has a configurable prompt.

## [IPython integration]({filename}/pages/ipython.md)<a name="ipython"></a>

Pgcli can be run from IPython console, with the help of `pgcli.magic` extension.

## [SSH tunnel]({filename}/pages/ssh_tunnel.md)<a name="ssh_tunnel"></a>

Pgcli can create SSH tunnels for you if you cannot access the database directly.
