FAQ 
###

These are some questions that the author wishes everyone would ask, since he
knows the answers for them. 

#. **Why does pgcli exist?**

   I'm a huge fan of CLIs. Especially REPLs. When I first encountered
   BPython_, I fell in love with it. BPython is a Python REPL that has
   auto-completion, syntax-highlighting and displays the docstring of functions
   as you type. Once you get used to that level of pampering, all other REPLs
   start to look like `Dumb Terminals`_. 

   When I started using psql_ for interacting with my Postgres database, I
   yearned for a BPython equivalent for psql. 

   One fine day I got a twitter DM from `Jonathan Slenders`_ asking me if I'd
   be interested in trying a new Python library that he's working on called
   `Python-Prompt-Toolkit`_. This library provided a way to write CLIs without
   having to deal with curses and had the requisite tools for doing
   auto-completion and syntax-highlighting. So I jumped at the opportunity to
   try it out. After I got myself familiarized, I started writing pgcli to
   scratch my own itch. 
   
   So this app exists because Jonathan was kind enough to request my feedback. 

#. **Does pgcli work on Windows?**

   The honest answer is, I don't know. All the underlying libraries used by
   pgcli are cross-platform compatible (including Windows). But I have not had
   the opportunity to try it on Windows. It is mainly because I don't have a
   windows machine to try this and I'm too lazy to try and provision an Azure
   instance.

   If there is enough interest, I will get off my lazy bum and buy an Azure
   instance. Please file bugs if it doesn't work on Windows.

#. **Will there be an equivalent of this for Sqlite/MySql?**
   
   Probably. Now that I've worked out the hard parts (sqlcompletion and special
   commands), I'd like to write a CLI for Sqlite and MySql. But I'm not sure if
   I'll have the time to do it in the immediate future. But if you're
   interested in doing it, I'd be happy to help you. Please get in touch_.

#. **What's the difference between Smart Completion and Naive Completion?**

   Naive Completion is a collection of all the keywords, functions, table names
   and column names. As you start typing this collection will be narrowed down
   based on the text that has been types so far. 

   Smart Completion tries to do context sensitive completion. For eg: 'SELECT *
   FROM ' knows that the only items relevant after the FROM keyword is a table
   name, so it only suggests items from a collection of table names.

#. **How 'smart' is the Smart Completion?**

   Smart Completion uses the Sqlparse_ library to tokenize the sql statement and
   uses heuristics to suggest context sensitive completion. It can handle
   nearly 80% of scenarios (in my testing). But there are still some corner
   cases where it will suggest only keywords when you might be looking for
   columns or tables. So it could get frustrating when it refuses to provide
   completions from a different category. In those scenarios, I tend to turn it
   off (using the F2 key) and switch to Naive completion which suggests words
   from all categories.

   The code itself is not my proudest work. Writing auto-completion libraries
   are inherently difficult since you're dealing with incomplete input. So the
   parser can't work effectively in many scenarios. So the code has to
   compensate for those corner cases. Which resulted in a lot of testing and
   patching those cases with one off 'if-conditions'. 

#. **Why is this not version 1.0?**

   The backbone of pgcli is `Python-Prompt-Toolkit`_. Prompt Toolkit is awesome at
   what it does, but the APIs for the library are still evolving. So I'm
   hesitant to mark pgcli as 1.0, since pgcli will also be changing to keep up
   with the changes in Prompt Toolkit. I'll probably release v1.0 when
   Python-Prompt-Toolkit goes 1.0.


#. **What is the license for pgcli?**

   BSD 3-clause license. https://github.com/dbcli/pgcli/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

#. **How can I get support for pgcli?**

   There is a `mailing list`_ and Gitter_ chat. We also track our bugs and
   feature requests in Github Issues_ for this project. 

#. **I found a bug, what do I do?** 

   Whoopsie Daisies! I'm sorry you encountered a bug. Please file a bug on
   Github Issues_ for this project. I'll fix it asap.

#. **I have a feature request, what do I do?** 

   Sweet! Open a new item on Github Issues_. Alternatively, you can take a stab
   at implementing the new feature yourself. If you'd like some guidance, I'm
   just an email away. Don't hesitate to contact_ me.

#. **I want to contribute to this project, how do I do that?** 

   Awesome! I thought you'd never ask. Here's a `developer guide
   <{filename}/pages/4.develop.rst>`_ that provides basic info on getting
   started with local development. You're also welcome to contact_ me, if you
   need some help getting started.
    
#. **What's your favorite cuisine?** 

   What's the point in having an FAQ if I don't include at least one frequently
   asked question. So here it goes: 

   South Indian, North Indian, Thai, Mexican, Mediterranean, Ethiopian,
   Japanese, Chinese, Sandwiches, Salads. In that order. 

.. _Issues: https://github.com/dbcli/pgcli/issues
.. _BPython: http://www.bpython-interpreter.org/
.. _`Dumb Terminals`: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_terminal#Dumb_terminals
.. _psql: http://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.2/static/app-psql.html
.. _`Jonathan Slenders`: https://github.com/jonathanslenders
.. _`Python-Prompt-Toolkit`: https://github.com/jonathanslenders/python-prompt-toolkit 
.. _Sqlparse: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sqlparse
.. _contact: {filename}/pages/6.about.rst
.. _touch: {filename}/pages/6.about.rst
.. _`mailing list`:  https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/pgcli
.. _Gitter: https://gitter.im/dbcli/pgcli
