content/pages/4.develop.rst, before:

Develop
#######

:slug: develop

This is a guide for developers who would like to contribute to this project.

First of all I'm flattered that you're interested in contributing. Second, my
heart felt thanks for contributing.

GitHub Workflow
---------------

The source code is hosted by Github: https://github.com/amjith/pgcli

If you already know how to fork a project and send pull requests to it using
github, you can safely skip this section.

Github help has a pretty detailed documentation on how to use Github to fork
and send pull requests to a repository.
https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/

The basic steps are:

#. Fork the pgcli_ project via the github UI. 

#. Clone your fork to your local machine. 

   .. code:: bash

       git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/pgcli.git

#. Setup a remote called upstread that points to the original pgcli repo. This
   is to keep your fork in sync with the mainline.

   .. code:: bash

       git remote add upstream git@github.com:amjith/pgcli.git

#. Make the necessary changes in your local machine. Commit and push to your
   fork. 

   .. code:: bash

       $ git commit 

       $ git push origin 

#. Create a pull request from your fork to the mainline repo using Github UI. 

#. Sync with the main pgcli repo. 

   .. code:: bash

       $ git pull upstream master   # Pull from the main repo to local copy.

       $ git push origin master     # Pushes from local copy to your fork.

Local Development Setup
-----------------------

It is highly recommended to use virtualenv for development. If you don't know
what a virtualenv is, this `guide <http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/dev/virtualenvs/#virtual-environments>`_
will help you get started.

Create a virtualenv (let's call it pgcli-dev). Once the virtualenv is activated
``cd`` into the local clone of pgcli folder and install pgcli using pip as
follows:

.. code:: bash

    $ pip install --editable .

    or

    $ pip install -e .

This will install the necessary dependencies as well as install pgcli from the
working folder into the virtualenv. By installing it using ``pip install -e``
we've linked the pgcli installation with the working copy. So any changes made
to the code is immediately available in the installed version of pgcli. This
makes it easy to change something in the code, launch pgcli and check the
effects of your change. 

Tests
-----

The tests are located in the ``tests`` directory in the pgcli project root.

Tests are written using `py.test`_ testing framework. Install ``py.test`` by
using ``pip install pytest`` in the virtualenv. Then execute the tests by
calling ``py.test`` from the root of the project folder. 

A test runner called ``tox`` is used to run the tests in Python 2.6, Python 2.7
and Python 3.3. You can do ``pip install tox`` and call ``tox`` from the
project root to run the tests in all 3 python versions.

If you'd like to run just one of the test files (say test_sqlcompletion.py)
then ``cd`` into the tests folder and execute ``py.test test_sqlcompletion.py``
to run just the tests from that file or ``tox test_sqlcompletion.py`` to run
the tests in that file in all three Python versions.

It is highly recommended to make sure the tests are passing in at least one of
the supported versions of Python before opening the Pull Request.

.. _pgcli: https://github.com/amjith/pgcli
.. _`py.test`: http://pytest.org/latest/

Commit message:

Add a sentence or two about Travis.

content/pages/4.develop.rst, after:

Develop
#######

:slug: develop

This is a guide for developers who would like to contribute to this project.

First of all I'm flattered that you're interested in contributing. Second, my
heart felt thanks for contributing.

GitHub Workflow
---------------

The source code is hosted by Github: https://github.com/amjith/pgcli

If you already know how to fork a project and send pull requests to it using
github, you can safely skip this section.

Github help has a pretty detailed documentation on how to use Github to fork
and send pull requests to a repository.
https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/

The basic steps are:

#. Fork the pgcli_ project via the github UI. 

#. Clone your fork to your local machine. 

   .. code:: bash

       git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/pgcli.git

#. Setup a remote called upstread that points to the original pgcli repo. This
   is to keep your fork in sync with the mainline.

   .. code:: bash

       git remote add upstream git@github.com:amjith/pgcli.git

#. Make the necessary changes in your local machine. Commit and push to your
   fork. 

   .. code:: bash

       $ git commit 

       $ git push origin 

#. Create a pull request from your fork to the mainline repo using Github UI. 

#. Sync with the main pgcli repo. 

   .. code:: bash

       $ git pull upstream master   # Pull from the main repo to local copy.

       $ git push origin master     # Pushes from local copy to your fork.

Local Development Setup
-----------------------

It is highly recommended to use virtualenv for development. If you don't know
what a virtualenv is, this `guide <http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/dev/virtualenvs/#virtual-environments>`_
will help you get started.

Create a virtualenv (let's call it pgcli-dev). Once the virtualenv is activated
``cd`` into the local clone of pgcli folder and install pgcli using pip as
follows:

.. code:: bash

    $ pip install --editable .

    or

    $ pip install -e .

This will install the necessary dependencies as well as install pgcli from the
working folder into the virtualenv. By installing it using ``pip install -e``
we've linked the pgcli installation with the working copy. So any changes made
to the code is immediately available in the installed version of pgcli. This
makes it easy to change something in the code, launch pgcli and check the
effects of your change. 

Tests
-----

The tests are located in the ``tests`` directory in the pgcli project root.

Tests are written using `py.test`_ testing framework. Install ``py.test`` by
using ``pip install pytest`` in the virtualenv. Then execute the tests by
calling ``py.test`` from the root of the project folder. 

A test runner called ``tox`` is used to run the tests in Python 2.6, Python 2.7
and Python 3.3. You can do ``pip install tox`` and call ``tox`` from the
project root to run the tests in all 3 python versions.

If you'd like to run just one of the test files (say test_sqlcompletion.py)
then ``cd`` into the tests folder and execute ``py.test test_sqlcompletion.py``
to run just the tests from that file or ``tox test_sqlcompletion.py`` to run
the tests in that file in all three Python versions.

The tests are also run via `Travis CI`_ when a new Pull Request is opened. If
you have a change and it happens to be failing on one of the Python version
(typically on Python 3), don't worry about it. Just open a pull request and we
can help you get it fixed before merging.

.. _pgcli: https://github.com/amjith/pgcli
.. _`py.test`: http://pytest.org/latest/
.. _`Travis CI`: https://travis-ci.org/amjith/pgcli
