Thanks
######

:slug: thanks

``pgcli`` was made possible by the existence of these wonderful people and
libraries. 

Libraries:
----------

`Python Prompt Toolkit`_ - An awesome library for building interactive command line interfaces.

Click_ - Basic building blocks for a CLI.

Tabulate_ - Pretty printing tabular data. 

Sqlparse_ - Sql Parsing library.

Psycopg_ - A solid library for talking to postgres. 

Pygments_ - Syntax highlighting. 

.. _`Python Prompt Toolkit`: https://github.com/jonathanslenders/python-prompt-toolkit
.. _Click: http://click.pocoo.org/3/
.. _Tabulate: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/tabulate
.. _Psycopg: http://initd.org/psycopg/
.. _Pygments: http://pygments.org/
.. _Sqlparse: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sqlparse

Beta Testers:
-------------

Brave beta testers who tried out pgcli at its infancy and gave me awesome
feedback.

* `Iryna Cherniavska`_
* `Jan Urbański`_
* `Jason Clark`_
* `Jonathan Slenders`_ 

If you'd like to send feedback, please send me an email_, tweet_ or file a
github issue_. 

.. _email: mailto:amjith[dot]r[at]gmail.com
.. _tweet: http://twitter.com/amjithr
.. _issue: https://github.com/amjith/pgcli/issues 

Contributors:
-------------

* `Darik Gamble`_
* `Iryna Cherniavska`_
* `Karl-Aksel Puulmann`_
* `Daniel Schwarz`_
* `Stuart Quin`_
* `Alexander Kukushkin`_
* `Nick Hahner`_
* `Marc Abramowitz`_
* `Ludovic Gasc (GMLudo)`_
* `Vignesh Anand`_
* `dwalmsley`_
* `rrampage`_
* `while0pass`_
* `Charlie Arnold`_
* `Daniel Rocco`_
* `Dionysis Grigoropoulos`_
* `Eric Workman`_
* `François Pietka`_
* `Guewen Baconnier`_
* `Hans Roman`_
* `Jacob Magnusson`_
* `Sven-Hendrik Haase`_
* `Tiago Ribeiro`_

.. _`Iryna Cherniavska`: https://github.com/j-bennet
.. _`Jan Urbański`: https://github.com/wulczer
.. _`Jonathan Slenders`: https://github.com/jonathanslenders 
.. _`Jason Clark`: http://jasonrclark.com/ 
.. _`Darik Gamble`: https://github.com/darikg
.. _`Iryna Cherniavska`: https://github.com/j-bennet
.. _`Daniel Rocco`: https://github.com/drocco007 
.. _`Karl-Aksel Puulmann`: https://github.com/macobo
.. _`Stuart Quin`: https://github.com/stuartquin
.. _`Daniel Schwarz`: https://github.com/qwesda
