About
#####

:slug: about

Hi, I'm Amjith_, the author of pgcli_. 

If you have feedback about pgcli, this site or general python questions, feel
free to contact me. 

Project
-------

MailingList - GoogleGroups_

Chat - Gitter_

Github - https://github.com/dbcli/pgcli

Personal
=========

* Email_ - amjith[dot]r[at]gmail[dot]com
* Twitter_ - @amjithr

I'll try my best to answer you.
      
.. _`#pgcli`: http://webchat.freenode.net/?randomnick=1&channels=#pgcli&uio=d4
.. _Email: mailto:amjith[dot]r[at]gmail[dot]com
.. _GoogleGroups: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/pgcli
.. _Twitter: https://twitter.com/amjithr 
.. _Github: https://github.com/dbcli/pgcli

Responsibility
--------------

I will
======

* Be nice.
* Be courteous.
* Be respectful.
* Have an open mind.
* Never be condescending.
* Never discriminate (even if you like Emacs and Java).

If I ever fail one of the tenets above, please let me know. After all, I am
human.

Exception
=========

There is one exception. 

I don't react well when someone is being aggressive or insulting. I will
politely let you know that you're being unpleasant and I will stop responding.

Caveats
=======

1. English is not my native tongue. 

2. I don't fully grasp most colloquial slang, but it never stops me from using
   it ;).  
   
   Here's an example, until very recently I thought 'pretty good' meant 'very
   good'. So I would compliment my friends that they did a 'pretty good' job
   without knowing that I was mildly insulting them. I'm told 'pretty good'
   means not quite good enough or there is room for improvement.

3. I think I'm funny (no, I think I'm hilarious). Sometimes that might come
   across negatively without proper context. If anything I say offends you,
   please let me know.

But this is not a cop out, I'd still appreciate if you call me out when I make
a faux pas. 

.. _Amjith: https://github.com/amjith 
.. _pgcli: http://pgcli.com
.. _Gitter: https://gitter.im/dbcli/pgcli/
